PD-532: Update 23.10 API documentation for 23.10-BETA.1 release (#2073)
truenas/documentation: content/API/_index.md

weight: 50
---

You can access TrueNAS SCALE API documentation in the web interface by clicking **<i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true">account_circle</i> > API Keys > API Docs**.

![SCALEapidocs](/images/SCALE/23.10/SCALEapidocs.png "API Docs location")

> Alternatively, append `/api/docs/` to your TrueNAS hostname or IP address in a browser to access the API documentation.

Reviewer: host name in this instance is two words:
```suggestion
Alternatively, append `/api/docs/` to your TrueNAS host name or IP address in a browser to access the API documentation.
```
